<body class="c10"><h2 class="c7" id="h.afyurn9tbifa"><span class="c2">SUPPLY CHAIN</span></h2><h4 class="c7" id="h.27x4p36jxjv"><span class="c5">Senior Capstone Project</span></h4><p class="c1 c8"><span class="c9"></span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c4 c11">DESCRIPTION</span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c3">&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This project was a year long project which consisted of a five person team. &nbsp;In this real world project we worked directly with the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, to solve a current day issue in the medical field, efficient patient care. &nbsp;In the medical field millions of dollars are lost annually do to poor scheduling of medical rooms, specifically surgical rooms. &nbsp;This causes issues with the processing, caring of, and discharge of patients. &nbsp;The help mitigate this issue hospitals tend to expand their facilities, which ultimately, creates a larger bottle neck. &nbsp;To prevent this we suggested a better scheduling system which is much more efficient. &nbsp;Using research we found from Harvard University we created an optimization program for hospital scheduling. &nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c3">&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Our main goal for this project was to use stochastic modeling to create an optimized scheduling system to solve this problem. &nbsp;Our one limitation we set our self was to minimize the efficiency of the program to minimize computational resources needed, &nbsp;We decided we would make sure this program would run on a standard stock computer instead of a cluster system which most hospitals use. &nbsp;With this we created a MATLAB program which ran the optimization of the schedule, a LAMP computer system to store the data and be the hardware for the MATLAB program to run on, and a simple IOS app to display the info. </span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c6">&#8203;</span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c4">KNOWLEDGE GAINED</span><span class="c3">&#8203;</span></p><ul class="c12 lst-kix_feuaf55q79ve-0 start"><li class="c0"><span class="c3">Supply chain management from a software development point of view.</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c3">Stochastic modeling</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c3">How to handle real world bottlenecks such as lack of data or communication between necessary parties</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c3">Basic IOS app development (Swift)</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c3">LAMP server development and maintenance</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c3">Linux scripting</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c3">Big project design process</span></li><li class="c0"><span class="c3">Algorithm development</span></li></ul><p class="c1 c8"><span class="c9"></span></p></body>